Hello, hello, if you have
n't already, please subscribe and
also press the bell icon so that you will be able to receive all the
notifications in future.
First of all, there is no pressure in insulin, the
other is insurance, which has the
highest pressure. I will
tell you about both of these. First of all,
friends,
how much pressure is there in insurance, out of all the banks in the market,
friends, insurance is one such bank
which is the top bank, the
pressure is the highest here, okay, so let's
talk about it in detail,
why is the pressure so high, the
problem that comes in it, friends, the
biggest problem is faced by
new employees, new employees who
join,
they face the most problems that the highest
pressure is in this company, no, all the
companies in the market, be it ICC
Life Insurance, any insurance
part of HDFC or any insurance part of Axis Bank, or
any insurance product of Bajaj company, have the
highest pressure in it, I will
tell you this, but friends,
watch the video till the end, I will also
tell you that any insurance bank
And there is no pressure, so let's talk about
why there is pressure.
See, when a new candidate joins, he takes time to
understand the process of the company. The one who understands the
insurance product, then he does
not face any problem in selling it, but when the
problem arises that he does not understand the product, the
second thing is that friends,
gradually you should understand the process there,
if you understand it then it is fine, if you do not
understand it then there will be a problem there,
so my suggestion is that
because of knowing there
or if you want to join any bank, any insurance
sector, then according to
me, you must join. I can
tell you that here
you get the highest salary in the insurance sector, so this is the
pressure here, I have
told you that you take a little time in understanding the product, due to
which it
becomes a mission for you, so you should join
any  Also in the company
because in the last video we made about
ICC potential,
many people commented that
how much pressure Sir is there, it will definitely be there
but I believe this and I have
also seen many employees that when
you go there and join, first of all
understand the pressure in the product department, so you do
not have any pressure, you have to maintain a good relationship with the scenery management or
your branch manager,
secondly
friends, you have to
grab the market knowledge here quickly
because the scenery that will come to you like Katrina or
Canada will not be explained to you every day
in the product department, for a
week or 15 days, after that you have to
develop yourself, for that the first thing
you have to do is you have to
develop yourself, you have to get information about the product department
and friends you have to
maintain a good relationship with the scenery management,
so you will see friends,
you will not feel any pressure
here immediately, if you feel
any other pressure or you are confused  If you are unsure whether you want to
join or not,
please let me know by commenting below,
you will get a reply from there. Thank you.